# LEGO Universe HAL-XML API

This repository has been created to provide a static and discoverable
API for the internal data of the discontinued game LEGE Universe.

It is meant to be pregenerated by [Paradox](https://github.com/Xiphoseer/Paradox)
or some equivaled tool and statically served as a github page.

## Use Case

The repository may be used as an online resource for any client in need
of browsing LU data. A reference implementation is planned, which
will provide a LU themed webapp to display the game content, similar
to a wiki or game guide.

Other clients are welcome to request features or other preprocessing
for this API

## Limitations

As the API will be pregenerated (at least for the initial development),
it will not be possible to provide full-text search or other custom
queries.

It may be possible to develop a glossary of sorts which may be used
for searching purposes. Ideally the data will have several different
entry points to allow for different perspectives and navigation stategies.

## Technical Implementation

This repository is the XML flavor of this API. There will be a JSON
equivalent available at [lu-json](https://github.com/Xiphoseer/lu-json).

The repository is served in conformance with the
[XML-HAL Specification](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-michaud-xml-hal-02)
for easy discoverability

## Example

```
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<resource xmlns:icons="/lu-res/icons/"
          rel="self" href="/lu-xml/table/objects/page-2.xlu">
  <link rel="previous" href="/lu-xml/table/objects/page-1.xlu">
  <link rel="next" href="/lu-xml/table/objects/page-3.xlu">
  <resource rel="object" href="/lu-xml/table/objects/0/0/3/object-96.xlu">
    <link rel="icons:icon" href="12356.png">
    <id>96</id>
    <description>A Sample Item</description>
  </resource>
  <resource rel="object" href="/lu-xml/table/objects/0/0/3/object-97.xlu">
    <link rel="icons:icon" href="12323.png">
    <id>97</id>
    <description>Another Sample Item</description>
  </resource>
</resource>
```

## License

As the content of this repository is generated from the date of the
discontinued game LEGO Universe, I do not own any intellectual rights
to the actual data. As such I have no authority to license any IP rights
to third parties.

I am convinced that this repository constitutes an instance of "fair use"
as it is used for entirely non-commercial purposes. I would advise that
any other user of this data does so on the same terms.
